# Yasumi v1.5.0 Release Notes

_Released on November 25, 2016_

Being occupied with other projects is good but has the side effect some others don&#039;t get the attention they deserve (sorry Yasumi). However, happy to announce a new release of Yasumi with 4 new countries added and holiday providers for all the German states.

Yasumi now supports 62 holiday providers (23 countries and 39 sub-regions) and has over 1500 unit tests ensuring all holidays are calculated correctly.

Big thanks to all the contributors making Yasumi better and more complete!

**Implemented enhancements:**
- Added Holiday Provider for Australia (and the sub-region of Victoria). #38 (brucealdridge)
- Added Holiday Provider for Portugal. #44 (rvelhote)
- Added Holiday Provider for Ukraine. #41 (madmis)
- Added Holiday Providers for all 16 German States. #34 (stelgenhof)
- Added Holiday Provider for Croatia. #32 (karlomikus)
- Possibility to retrieve the next or previous working day within a defined number of days from today #39 (brucealdridge)
- You can now also use your own holiday providers in addition to the included holiday providers. A very helpful improvement if Yasumi does not include your provider (yet), but you want to use yours! #29 (navarr)

**Resolved issues:**
- Carnival Day in Brazil was incorrectly set to be 47 days after Easter. Carnival Day begins Friday before Ash Wednesday (51 days to Easter). #36 (icaroce)
- All Saints Day for Finland was incorrectly set for November 1st. The correct date is Saturday between 31 Oct and 6 Nov, similar to Sweden. #43 (stelgenhof)

